When in this world a man comes forward with a thought, a deed, a vision, we ask not how does he look, but what is his message? ... The world still wants to ask that a woman primarily be pretty.|W. E. B. Du Bois
Solitude is as needful to the imagination as society is wholesome for the character.|James Russell Lowell
The service you do for others is the rent you pay for the time you spend on earth.|Muhammad Ali
WALL STREET, n. A symbol for sin for every devil to rebuke. That Wall Street is a den of thieves is a belief that serves every unsuccessful thief in place of a hope in Heaven.|Ambrose Gwinett Bierce
Foolproof systems don't take into account the ingenuity of fools.|Gene Brown
When having a smackerel of something with a friend, don't eat so much that you get stuck in the doorway trying to get out.|Alan Alexander Milne
Watson clearly spelled out his attitude about drinking, prohibiting liquor at IBM functions, on IBM premises, for IBM purposes: You can mix your drinking with pleasure, but not with our business.|Thomas J. Watson
The government was set to protect man from criminals, and the Constitution was written to protect man from the government.|Ayn Rand
The liberties of our country, the freedom of our civil constitution are worth defending at all hazards; and it is our duty to defend them against all attacks. We have received them as a fair inheritance from our worthy ancestors: they purchased them for us with toil and danger and expense of treasure and blood, and transmitted them to us with care and diligence. It will bring an everlasting mark of infamy on the present generation, enlightened as it is, if we should suffer them to be wrested from us by violence without a struggle, or be cheated out of them by the artifices of false and designing men.|Samuel Adams
People, like nails, lose their effectiveness when they lose direction and begin to bend.|Walter Savage Landor
The Creator has not given you a longing to do that which you have no ability to do.|Orison Swett Marden
A scar nobly got, or a noble scar, is a good livery of honour; so belike is that.|William Shakespeare
Son of Heav'n and Earth, Attend: that thou art happy, owe to God; That thou continuest such, owe to thyself, That is, to thy obedience; therein stand.|John Milton
We must become acquainted with our emotional household; we must see our feelings as they actually are, not as we assume they are. This breaks their hypnotic and damaging hold on us.|Vernon Howard
The Puritan hated bear-baiting, not because it gave pain to the bear, but because it gave pleasure to the spectators.|Thomas Babington
We make guilty of our disasters the sun, the moon, and the stars; as if we were villians by compulsion.|William Shakespeare
The main duty of the historian of mathematics, as well as his fondest privilege, is to explain the humanity of mathematics, to illustrate its greatness, beauty and dignity, and to describe how the incessant efforts and accumulated genius of many generations have built up that magnificent monument, the object of our most legitimate pride as men, and of our wonder, humility and thankfulness, as individuals. The study of the history of mathematics will not make better mathematicians but gentler ones, it will enrich their minds, mellow their hearts, and bring out their finer qualities.|G. Sarton
An Indian tribe is sovereign to the extent that the U.S. permits it to be sovereign.|Russell Smith
When will talkers refrain from evil speaking: when listeners refrain from evil-hearing.|Augustus William Hare
Matilda told such dreadful lies, It made one gasp and stretch one's eyes; Her aunt, who, from her earliest youth, Had kept a strict regard for truth, Attempted to believe Matilda: The effort very nearly killed her.|Hilaire Belloc
so much depends upon a red wheel barrow glazed with rain water beside the white chickens|William Carlos Williams
OBSOLETE, adj. No longer used by the timid. Said chiefly of words. A word which some lexicographer has marked obsolete is ever thereafter an object of dread and loathing to the fool writer.|Ambrose Gwinett Bierce
The proof of a poet is that his country absorbs him as affectionately as he has absorbed it.|Walt Whitman
Ye shall know the truth, and the truth shall make you mad.|Aldous Leonard Huxley
The art of a people is a true mirror to their minds.|Jawaharlal Nehru
If you want your neighbor to know what the Christ spirit will do for him, let him see what it has done for you.|Henry Ward Beecher
Opposition is not necessarily enmity; it is merely misused and made an occasion for enmity.|Sigmund Freud
Always remember that the future comes one day at a time.|Dean Acheson
Skill without imagination is craftsmanship and gives us many useful objects such as wickerwork picnic baskets. Imagination without skill gives us modern art.|Tom Stoppard
Organize priorities so that God is first in our lives.|John H. Groberg
The same Power that brought the slave out of bondage will, in His own good time and way, bring about the emancipation of women, and make her the equal in power and dominion that she was in the beginning.|Amelia Jenks Bloomer
... All these readers have placed themselves inside this story, not as spectators, but as participants, and so have looked at the world, not with my eyes only, but also with their own.|Orson Scott Card
When you have to kill a man, it costs nothing to be polite.|Winston Churchill
All men have happiness as their object: there is no exception. However different the means they employ, they all aim at the same end.|Blaise Pascal
We thought we were running away from the grownups, and now we are the grownups.|Margaret Atwood
And this our life, exempt from public haunt, finds tongues in trees, books in running brooks, sermons in stones, and good in everything.|William Shakespeare
The only place where success comes before work is in a dictionary.|Vidal Sassoon
The ideal life is in our blood and never will be still. Sad will be the day for any man when he becomes contented with the thoughts he is thinking and the deeds he is doing.|Phillips Brooks
The humblest citizen of all the land, when clad in the armor of a righteous cause, is stronger than all the hosts of error.|William Jennings Bryan
The highest reward for a man's toil is not what he gets for it, but what he becomes by it.|John Ruskin
America is an enormous frosted cupcake in the middle of millions of starving people.|Gloria Steinem
Give me a look, give me a face, That makes simplicity a grace Robes loosely flowing, hair as free Such sweet neglect more taketh me Than all the adulteries of art: They strike mine eyes, but not my heart.|Ben Jonson
I am amazed at radio DJ's today. I am firmly convinced that AM on my radio stands for Absolute Moron. I will not begin to tell you what FM stands for.|Jasper Carrott
It's never a good deal when only one party thinks it is.|Malcolm S. Forbes
Marriage always demands the finest arts of insincerity possible between two human beings.|Vicki Baum
After a certain point money is meaningless. It ceases to be the goal. The game is what counts.|Aristotle Onassis
Look not mournfully into the past. It comes not back again.|Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
Happy is the man who has broken the chains which hurt the mind, and has given up worrying once and for all.|Publius Ovidius Naso Ovid
In the religion of the Medes and Persians the cult of trees plays an important part, and with them, as with Assyrians, the symbol of eternal life was a tree with a stream at its roots. Another object of veneration was the sacred miracle tree, which within itself contained the seeds of all.|M. L. Gothein
We do not quite forgive a giver. The hand that feeds us is in some danger of being bitten.|Ralph Waldo Emerson
We can remember minutely and precisely only the things which never really happened to us.|Eric Hoffer
I had nothing to offer anybody except my own confusion.|Jack Kerouac
A leader or a man of action in a crisis almost always acts subconsciously and then thinks of the reasons for his action.|Jawaharlal Nehru
A man sees in the world what he carries in his heart.|Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe
Meetings are indispensable when you don't want to do anything.|John Kenneth Galbraith
There is a passion for hunting something deeply implanted in the human breast.|Charles Dickens
One cannot be always laughing at a man without now and then stumbling on something witty.|Jane Austen
A lifetime of happiness: no man alive could bear it; it would be hell on earth.|George Bernard Shaw
Death is always and under all circumtances a tragedy, for if it is not, then it means that life itself has become one.|Theodore Roosevelt
The perch swallows the grub-worm, the pickerel swallows the perch, and the fisherman swallows the pickerel; and so all the chinks in the scale of being are filled.|Henry David Thoreau
Agriculture probably required a far greater discipline than did any form of food collecting. Seeds had to be planted at certain seasons, some protection had to be given to the growing plants and animals, harvests had to be reaped, stored and divided. Thus, we might argue that it was neither leisure time nor a sedentary existence but the more rigorous demands associated with an agricultural way of life that led to great cultural changes.|Charles Heiser
What an exciting super-tomorrow it will be! Americans are today making the greatest scientific developments in our history. That is a promise of new levels of employment, industrial activity and human happiness.|Clarence Francis
If truth is beauty, how come no one has their hair done in a library.|Lily Tomlin
A home is not a mere transient shelter: its essence lies in the personalities of the people who live in it.|H. L. Mencken
This country is a one-party country. Half of it is called Republican and half is called Democrat. It doesn't make any difference. All the really good ideas belong to the Libertarians.|Hugh Downs
Trust that still, small voice that says, 'This might work and I'll try it.'|Diane Mariechild
If all economists were laid end to end, they would not reach a conclusion.|George Bernard Shaw
I have discovered that this world is harsh, cruel and nasty enough without writing off entire classes of individuals on the basis of their colour or national origin. There are enough people in the world who can be judged on the basis of their actions that we don't need to judge others merely on the basis of their colour or nationality.|Robert Chase
For deeds to die, however nobly done, And thoughts of men to as themselves decay, But wise words taught in numbers for to run, Recorded by the Muses, live for ay.|Edmund Spenser
The world is extremely interesting to a joyful soul.|Alexandra Stoddard
The loss of wealth is loss of dirt, As sages in all times assert; The happy man 's without a shirt.|John Heywood
Early rising not only gives us more life in the same number of years, but adds, likewise, to their number; and not only enables us to enjoy more of existence in the same time, but increases also the measure.|Charles Caleb Colton
If we listen to the voices of the world, we will be misled. But if we listen to the voice of the Lord through His living prophet and follow his counsel, we will never go astray.|Virginia U. Jensen
So long as we have enough people in this country willing to fight for their rights, we'll be called a democracy.|Roger Nash Baldwin
This is ridiculous. What am I doing here? I'm in the wrong story.|Stephen Sondheim
There is nothing new in the world except the history you do not know.|Harry S. Truman
A corner draft fluttered the flame And the white fever of temptation Upswept its angel wings that cast A cruciform shadow.|Boris Leonidovich Pasternak
Thinking is the hardest work there is, which is probably why so few engage in it.|Henry Ford
Whoever wants to know the heart and mind of America had better learn baseball, the rules and realities of the game.|Jacques Barzun
Unless man in the midst of all his modernism finds a middle ground upon which to adjust his differences, there can be no mutual progress, human liberty is sacrificed and talent and freewill suffer. Improvement of the standards of living of the whole people is paramount, if civilization is to escape world fanaticism.|Arnold W. Craft
There is a way to look at the past. Don't hide from it. It will not catch you if you don't repeat it.|Pearl Mae Bailey
I think the next best thing to solving a problem is finding some humor in it.|Frank A. Clark
Perfectionism is a slow death. If everything were to just like I would want it to, just like I would plan for it to, then I would never experience anything new; my life would be an endless repetition of stale successes. When I make a mistake I experience something unexpected.|Hugh Prather
Maybe he's only a little bit crazy, like painters, or composers, or some of those men in Washington.|Mr. Shellhammer
Men seek out retreats for themselves in the country, by the seaside, on the moutains ... But all this is unphilosophical to the last degree ... when thou canst at a moment's notice retire into thyself.|Marcus Aurelius Antoninus
So absolutely good is truth, truth never hurts The teller.|Robert Browning
Neither a borrower nor a lender be; For loan oft loses both itself and friend, And borrowing dulls the edge of husbandry.|William Shakespeare
It is better to die on your feet than to live on your knees!|Emiliano Zapata
The age of chivalry is gone. That of sophisters, economists and calculators has succeeded.|Edmund Burke
The will of the entire people is the true basis of republican government, and a free expression ... by the public vote of all citizens, without distinctions of race, color, occupation, or sex, is the only means by which that will can be ascertained.|Victoria Claffin Woodhull
A HUNDRED YEARS FROM NOW The surging sea of human life forever onward rolls, And bears to the eternal shore its daily freight of souls; Tbough bravely sails our bark today, pale Death sits at the prow, And few shall know we ever lived a hundred years from now. O mighty human brotherhood Why fiercely war and strive, While God's great world has ample space for everything alive? Broad fields uncultured and unclaimed are waiting for the plow Of progress that shall make them bloom a hundred years from now. Why should we try so earnestly in life's short, narrow span, On golden stairs to climb so high above our brother man? Why blindly at an earthly shrine in slavish homage bow? Our gold will rust, ourselves be dust, a hundred years from now. Why prize so much the world's applause? Why dread so much its blame? A fleeting echo is its voice of censure or of fame; The praise that thrills the heart, the scom that dyes with shame the brow, Will be as long-forgotten dreams a hundred years from now. O patient hearts, that meekly bear your weary load of wrongl O earnest hearts, that bravely dare, and striving, grow more strong! Press on till perfect peace is won; you'll never dream of how You struggled o'er life's thorny road a hundred years from now. Grand, lofty souls, who live and toil that freedom, right and truth Alone may rule the universe, for you is endless youth. When 'mid the blest with God you rest, the grateful land shall bow Above your clay in reverent love a hundred years from now. Earth's empires rise and fall. Time! like breakers on thy shore They rush upon thy rocks of doom, go down, and are no more. The starry wilderness of worlds that gem night's radiant brow Will light the skies for other eyes a hundred years from now. Our Father, to whose sleepless eye the past and future stand An open page, like babes we cling to Tby protecting hand; Change, sorrow, death, are naught to us, if we may safely bow Beneath the shadow of Thy throne a hundred years from now.|Mary A. Ford
Always watch where you are going. Otherwise, you may step on a piece of the Forest that was left out by mistake.|Alan Alexander Milne
It is as true to say that God is permanent and the World fluent, as that the World is permanent and God is fluent. It is as true to say that God is one and the World many, as that the World is one and God many. It is as true to say that, in comparison with the World, God is actual eminently, as that, in comparison with God, the World is actual eminently. It is as true to say that the World is immanent in God, as that God is immanent in the World. It is as true to say that God transcends the World, as that the World transcends God. It is as true to say that God creates the World, as that the World creates God.|Alfred North Whitehead
A true definition of an entrepreneur comes closer to: A poet, visionary, or packager of social change|Robert Schwartz
He most lives who thinks most, feels the noblest, acts the best.|Philip James Bailey
There has been a lot of progress during my lifetime, but I'm afraid it's heading in the wrong direction.|Ogden Nash
And I will show you something different from either Your shadow at morning striding behind you, Or your shadow at evening rising to meet you I will show you fear in a handful of dust.|Thomas Stearns Eliot
History is the sum total of things that could have been avoided.|Konrad Adenauer
The roots of true achievement lie in the will to become the best that you can become.|Harold Taylor
All things must change to something new, to something strange.|Henry Wadsworth Longfellow
